Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
What does this mean!!?
Having said that, I already did "Bokete #2" before, but...
This time, I’ll be doing "Bokete #3"
Man, I’ve already done a lot...
So then make sure to do "Bokete" with me, yes?
In this case, let's start at once!
Bokete!
Hello everyone!
*Remembering that character, perform a verse of 5, 7 and 5 syllables*
I’m Kizuna Ai, the self proclaimed genius
Eh? I called myself "self proclaimed"
Bokete!
"The mystery of the three worlds"
"The world of the afterlife"
"Inside Mickey..."
"My existence"
Bokete!
Smiling is so tiring, right?
Even when I act like I'm crying...
...I don't get the "Ok" from the director
Bokete!
While I hid to scare someone...
They started talking bad about me...
And I completely lost the chance to come out
Bokete!
Coming to the zoo with a man that I don’t know very well...
Is rather uncomfortable...
Bokete!
I’m a first year student...
Is there a problem??
Bokete!
Aaahhh...
Now that this photo was made public, I’m finished...
Aaahh...
Waah!
Without even realizing, I wounded up regretting in this place!
Bokete!
I’ll resist!
With my fists!!
Today, I also did "Bokete"!
What do you think of my high-sense jokes?
If I think of new ones, I’ll do it once again!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Bokete!
*Do a "Bokete" of this face!*
Translated by Vortex